[Music]
the bell's
been robbed
but in the dark
among the stars
[Music]
the god is dead
[Applause]
i had a dream
almost like a premonition
i think there's an attack coming
this wall will fall
[Music]
i need warriors i'm building an alliance
to defend ourselves
how do you know your team's strong
enough
if you can't bring down the charging
bull then don't wave the red cape at it
[Music]
you're sitting here for a reason
and even if it takes you the rest of
your life
find out what that reason is
[Applause]
you said the age of heroes would never
come again
it will it has to
[Music]
we live in a society where honor
is a distant memory isn't that right
batman
the doors started appearing all over the
world
[Music]
i have a door no if you had a door
there would be like a million of those
knockers here sterilizing this entire
place sure if they knew
they'd be here but i didn't report it
i think this is a good time to go
[Music]
hello
i think we need to leave it's a lockdown
that means we stay locked down maybe it
takes us somewhere
it's unit 421 i'm gonna need backup the
doors are collecting data
stay behind don't you see
[Music]
we can learn the secrets of the universe
um in some kind of hallucinations
there are copies of myself
what is this what is it
[Music]
darby heights some places never change
oh hey look who showed up it's good to
see you son
you know my friend i will always miss
you what are you still doing in the
heights i like it here
it's nostalgic
[Music]
tonight we have a good time i don't
listen i don't drink the way i used to
well neither do we
go a casino
in darby heights you get this done and
i'll make you my partner
trying to get some signatures uh because
we're gonna be building uh hey nick hey
how's it going
call me it's a petition for the new
casino zone
a casino would resurrect the area don't
you think
did you forget where you came from
hey oh no no no no no
the bucket you're gonna help me with the
pub that was good to your family for all
these generations
you make i remember would never pass by
the house without saying hello
hello mrs c i heard that you sold out
turned your back on the neighborhood
we still got the bucket maybe there's
some help left in you i see it
[Music]
you have more than three stains on your
shirt you can't get it
can i see you again i doubt it this is
damn good to see you kids damn good it's
like you've been standing there for 12
years you're still a health nut on it
yeah
we've been working for years to restore
the heights you just go out get
signatures
you got a problem with that here we go
[Music]
fellas
[Applause]
[Music]
no reason to leave except if you go to
the shore
unbelievable look at you guys it's like
you've been shellacked since 1997.
that's why you grow up by now
what like you look
you got your diploma you got a job
i read through the letter from your
parole officer you're taking great care
of your mom and your little brother
you're a young man who's ready to commit
himself to something greater
it's just not going to be the marines
[Music]
i think we can do this battle
i know about your sister
no no wait wait why why isn't it a good
idea
it just isn't because she's 18. the
problem is that boy you were with
daniel harris you know he went to jail
you want a good move is that it he's a
bad person because he went to jail he's
not a good person
i had enough proper chance when do you
feel like you have to hide i don't know
that people hide
i relationships
[Music]
i'm the owner of a salvage business and
i have a job over
i want you to help me break into the
most secure vault in the world
okay very good do you know who
francis drake was he stole the spanish
treasure and that's
what's in the bag i'm told wealth
you probably need a safe cracker i'm an
engineer i need your mind
or others to see an impossible task you
might see a solution
the war room meet the team a computer
with
acquisitions planning and extraction
made one of the world's brightest minds
he's gonna mastermind the infiltration
the vault what it is how it works
we can't work it out no one has and if
we get caught
we're going down for a very long time
are you sure you're prepared for that
are you kids got balls
the bank of spain the most impenetrable
building on the planet across the street
is the headquarters of the spanish army
on alert for any attempts on the bank
when spain plays its world cup games
every camera will be pointing away from
the building
which gives us 105 minutes to get the
job done
simple stage one vault
keys
he's a college kid you're putting our
lives in his hands
[Applause]
big problem just stay until the job's
done
you're good
may i present the augusta victoria
college
for girls
welcome to augusta victoria there's been
an alliance between england and germany
for many years what sort of englishman
would accept a post
teaching hair hitler's league of german
girls
we should keep an eye on him
[Music]
the war of his beliefs the germans will
extract the girls before the end of
summer
keep searching out we're running out of
time
it can often be hard to tell who someone
really is
who is good and who is bad my girls are
not the enemy
they're german aren't they england
can be an unforgiving place
[Music]
they are the daughters of the nazi high
command
[Music]
and you assure me you haven't been
compromised
stop please germany can't afford the
girls to be captured
[Music]
a war with germany will be the end of
england
no one likes a traitor these girls
give me hope
this country is at war with germany
if i can figure out why you decided to
abandon us then we can identify other
traitors and a few traitors
broke the log the door is rude no it's
not why because you haven't seen it
there's nothing to see
be sure about that
[Music]
don't be afraid what would you say if i
want to kill you
hey you're here to find the door right
[Music]
[Applause]
hello
[Music]
you